feat: Add chart type selection tabs UI (#522)
visualize-admin/visualization-tool: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed scrolling of table preview & other smaller UI things in published charts
- Only the top 7 nav items are shown in the search nav bar (design alignment), a button is there to display more
- Added the footer in the search page
- Maps now have labels and the visualization layers (scatterplot and areas) are shown under map labels. When zooming via the buttons, we now have a smooth transition
- Removed chart selection step; selection of a chart type can now be done at any point when creating a chart (added a new chart selection tabs UI)

> - Implemented a logic to keep as much chart cofiguration as possible when switching a chart type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Implemented logic to keep as much chart configuration as possible when switching chart type
```

Author: Thanks 🙇
